was a weekend what the it was below
average the edge of 17 is a brilliant
coming-of-age comedy Nick is so hot he
works at petland now I should go in
there and be like excuse me where the
betta fish and do you want to have sex
right now oh yeah not you he joins the
ranks of classics like clueless Mean
Girls and Fast Times at Ridgemont High
it's a true original why don't you try
what I do when I'm feeling down I say to
myself
everybody is this miserable as I am
there's just better pretending like a
god any God and thank them for this
movie Nick I like you and I just want to
be with you I want you to put your mouth
o my tits and I want to feel you inside
me we can do it in the petland stockroom
maybe I can't send this no no no no my
god no the edge of 17 this looks so bad
I just want to be with you I want you to
put your mouth on my tits I want to view
you in silence we can do it in the
Pittman's dock room
oh my god say something please help me
you need to watch out for run-on
sentences
[Music]